docs: new style guide - Grammar (#1343)
asyncapi/website: pages/docs/community/styleguide/grammar.md

> # Grammar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: Grammar
description: This page explains how to use Grammar when writing docs
---
#Grammar

```

> ---

Reviewer 2: Great start for our Grammar Style Guide! ✨✨ Here is some feedback to improve the accuracy and clarity:

---- 

## Abbreviations and Acronyms

1. In the definition of abbreviations and acronyms, there is a quotation from IELTS. Please clarify why you are quoting IELTS in this context. Also, while it's not universally wrong, ending abbreviations with a full stop (e.g., E.D.A.) is less common, especially in technical documentation. **My advice is to remove this miscellaneous IELTS quotation completely.** 

2. Specify whether abbreviations or acronyms should be used consistently once defined in a document, or if they need to be defined again in each new section or page.

## Active voice

1. The guidance here is clear and helpful. Consider adding a few more examples to solidify the concept for readers. 

## Capitalization

1. While linking to an external resource for English capitalization rules might be useful, providing a few basic rules or common cases directly in the guide might help users who want to get the information quickly. Additionally, **refrain from including links to lesser-known third-party sites, such as `owl.purdue.edu`, in the documentation.**

## Spelling

1. This is clear and to the point. Try adding a few more examples of words that often have different spellings in American English and British English.

## Verb Tense

1. The guidance could be more specific. **When is using the future tense better than the present tense? Providing a few examples of when each tense is appropriate would be beneficial.**

title: Grammar

> description: This page explains how to use Grammar when writing docs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: This document provides grammar usage guidelines for clear and effective technical writing."
```

---

> #Grammar

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Grammar
```

Please add introduction content to the first header, introducing the reader to this `Grammar` Style Guide document.

---
title: Grammar
description: This document provides grammar usage guidelines for clear and effective technical writing.
---
## Grammar

> 

Reviewer 2: Please add a paragraph introducing this **Grammar** document.

---
title: Grammar
description: This document provides grammar usage guidelines for clear and effective technical writing.
---
## Grammar

> ## Abbreviations and Acronyms

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Abbreviations and acronyms
```

> When using an abbreviation or acronym for the first time, spell it out and include the shortest form in parentheses. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you use an abbreviation or acronym for the first time, spell it out and include the shortest form in parentheses. 
```

> This style guide defines standards for AsyncAPI documentation for grammar across topics such as abbreviations and acronyms, active voice, capitalization, spelling, and verb tense. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This document defines grammar standards for AsyncAPI documentation across abbreviations and acronyms, active voice, capitalization, spelling, and verb tense. 
```

> This style guide defines standards for AsyncAPI documentation for grammar across topics such as abbreviations and acronyms, active voice, capitalization, spelling, and verb tense. If you are a part of the AsyncAPI Slack, use the #13_docs channel for any queries. Please make sure to go through the style guide before contributing to AsyncAPI documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This style guide defines standards for AsyncAPI documentation for grammar across topics such as abbreviations and acronyms, active voice, capitalization, spelling, and verb tense. 
```

I don't think we should mention the slack channel in this doc so I removed it. ✌🏽

> Abbreviations are meant to be used to save the reader’s time. They make your documentation look clean. However, using abbreviations may come with some downsides. Abbreviations add a layer of abstraction to text, which in turn requires the reader to spend some mental energy to expand. Thus, it is best to add abbreviations in case of words that have been repeatedly used throughout your document. Abbreviations or acronyms once defined in a document should be used consistently to ensure clarity and avoid confusion for readers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Abbreviations are meant to be used to save the reader’s time. They make your documentation look clean. However, using abbreviations may come with some downsides. Abbreviations add a layer of abstraction to text, which requires the reader to spend some mental energy to expand. Thus, it is best to add abbreviations in case of words that have been repeatedly used throughout your document. Abbreviations or acronyms, once defined in a document, should be used consistently to ensure clarity and avoid confusion for readers.
```

Here are some examples of abbreviations:

> -‘Event-driven architecture’ can be abbreviated as ‘EDA’

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ‘Event-driven architecture’ can be abbreviated as ‘EDA’.
```

> - ‘Producer Consumer Model’ can be abbreviated as ‘PCM’

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ‘Producer Consumer Model’ can be abbreviated as ‘PCM’.
```

Here are some examples of acronyms:

> - ‘Artificial Intelligence’ can be acronymized as ‘AI’

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ‘Artificial Intelligence’ can be acronymized as ‘AI’.
```

> - ‘Application Programming Interface’ can be acronymized as ‘API’

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- ‘Application Programming Interface’ can be acronymized as ‘API’.
```

> Abbreviations are meant to be used to save the reader’s time. They make your documentation look clean. However, using abbreviations may come with some downsides. Abbreviations add a layer of abstraction to text, which requires the reader to spend some mental energy to expand. Thus, it is best to add abbreviations in case of words that have been repeatedly used throughout your document. Abbreviations or acronyms, once defined in a document, should be used consistently to ensure clarity and avoid confusion for readers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Abbreviations are meant to be used to save the reader’s time. They make your documentation look clean. However, using abbreviations may come with some downsides. Abbreviations add a layer of abstraction to text, which requires the reader to spend some mental energy to expand. Thus, it is best to add abbreviations in case of words that have been repeatedly used throughout your document. Once defined in a document, abbreviations or acronyms should be used consistently to ensure clarity and avoid confusion for readers
```

## Active voice

> Prefer active voice over passive voice whenever possible. Active voice makes writing easier to read and understand. When combined with short sentences, it makes it easy to convey an idea to the reader.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use active voice over passive voice whenever possible. Active voice makes writing easier to read and understand. When combined with short sentences, it makes it easy to convey an idea to the reader.
```

Passive: ‘The documentation is being read by Charlie.’
Active: ‘Charlie is reading the documentation.’

Passive: ‘APIs are leveraged by developers to save time while building software.’
Active: ‘Developers leverage APIs to save time while building software.’

Passive: ‘Clear instructions and explanations are provided for users by technical documentation.’
Active: ‘Technical documentation provides clear instructions and explanations for users.’

## Capitalization

> Follow standard capitalization rules for American English. Avoid using unnecessary capitalization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow standard capitalization rules for American English. Avoid using unnecessary capitalization, and never capitalize for emphasis.
```

Here are some examples of when capitalization should be used:

> - All proper nouns
> - The first letter of any sentence should be capitalized
> - Trademarked words that include capital letters
> - Names of programming languages or frameworks 
> - References within a document

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- All proper nouns.
- The first letter of any sentence should be capitalized.
- Trademarked words that include capital letters.
- Names of programming languages or frameworks.
- References within a document.
```

> Never capitalize for emphasis.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Spelling

Prefer American English over its counterparts. 

A few examples:
- Use 'color' instead of 'colour'.
- Use 'analyze' instead of 'analyse'.
- Use 'skillful' instead of 'skilful'.

## Verb tense

Stick with the present tense wherever possible. However, in some cases, using the future tense might be unavoidable. The present tense is more appropriate when speaking about facts, while the future tense might be needed when referring to experiments or improvements that are yet to come.

The present tense is more appropriate when speaking about facts.
‘An AsyncAPI document is a file that defines and annotates the different components of a specific Event-Driven API.’

> Future tense might be needed when referring to experiments or improvements that are yet to come.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The future tense might be needed when referring to future enhancements, experiments, or planned improvements.
```
